PSS = Pirate States Ship	
Damage  - Armor stat  = real damaged receive
There are 5 ways to lose the battle: 0 reactors / 0 weapons / Lost 75% modules / Top right surrender flag / Disconnect from internet 
Warp Drive can stack to increase warp frequency.				
SpaceArena birthday is 30 Nov 2016					
Ship build, player level, player rating, win rate, offline duration does not affect offline battle result, quantity or profit amount. Basically random
JunkLauncher blocks Ballisitc & Missile					
PointDefenseTurret range radius is 19 slot					
Total module mass affect ship mobility					
RepairBay can self heal					
PointDefenseTurret fire rate is 10/s					
Reactor explode in square shape					
Size of a cell is 1 metre square					
Space Arena was develop by Epic Owl, named Starship Battle				
ClassBattle match opponent ±10 player level from you
All ship blueprint (high&low lv, nonspecial&special) are ~357 credit sell value each in shop					
When missile hit shield doesn't do area damage
Small Steel Armor Mk2 & Small Ion Drive Mk2 only obtainable from Wing Special Offer
Total module bonus affects main & support ship, but independent support ship total module bonus doesnt affect main ship
Kahje (Khonarl support) have 12 speed, 2.5 turning
Small Steel Armor Mk2 & Small Ion Drive Mk2 only obtainable from Wing Special Offer
When Battle Arena Oppoent Rating gap > 45, win/lose wont change your rating
Ship offline only have mass, health, reflect available, maintain last online momentum
All damage +3%/s to prevent stalemates
Opponents in the usual Arena mode are matched on the basis of criteria of number: ship class, range of levels, odds and rating. Such a system for selecting opponents allows for a better balance of the game.
The Damage parameter of weapon modules is the amount of damage done per shot caused to a cell.
Warp time calculation: Fixed number + (Ship cells sum / Sum of Warp Power) + A small random number.
Using multiple Warp Drives increases the warp frequency. The number of cells affect warp frequency, a ship's total mass does not.
In Gaussian War Shotgun, the number of pellet in the queue is 3, each pellet is 12 bullets, so 36 bullets are fired in one turn 
If you hit two (or more) shields at the same time, only one of the shields will receive damage.
For fleet arena farming experience mainly, there are few requirements needed: Every ally ship needs to be destroyed for more experience; should to destroy some enemy ships for extra experience; Low budget to maximize efficiency. So the most efficient experience farm: 1 most expensive ship + 8 Heavy Fighter
To restart game progress use a new google account or contact support@herocraft.com or private message @Kos.
You can only get special ships standard version Mk1 (Wing, PSS Sparrow, PSS Miran, PSS EL-K) by randomly apears special offers with the cost of real life money.
Max galaxy slot is 40
Oversized shield would catch enemy misfire shots, thus would be not recommend to do so.
The greater Warp Force, the less time between jumps.
Maximum Laser DPS = ((Laser Damage(100-Reflect)%)-Armour)Laser Duration÷(Laser Duration + 1/Fire Rate)